chore: move pipx to pypa (#932)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/key_projects.rst

application-centric alternative to :ref:`pip`'s lower-level
:file:`requirements.txt` file.

.. _pipx:

pipx
====

`Docs <https://pypa.github.io/pipx/>`__ |
`GitHub <https://github.com/pypa/pipx>`__ |
`PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/pipx/>`__

> pipx is a tool to safely install and run Python CLI applications globally
> or even install and run them directly in a single line.

Reviewer: I think this is a bit clearer:

```suggestion
pipx is a tool to install and run Python command-line applications without
causing dependency conflicts with other packages installed on the system.
```
